welcome back to my channel we are going
to open three more eggs in this video
and let's start for me has been okay so
far and see what we get
I think it's one of those spinning
things again oh no it's actually a bowl
we can build a bowl or this pieces and
it's a very cool bowl and it's from the
city again a yellow capsule and you guys
know maybe what the yellow capsule means
and we have a beyblade see the pamphlet
again from the go move city and we have
the green beyblade this is the action
that it makes and the last one last egg
or so yellow from the mix art theory and
it's a cute little figurine let's build
it and see exactly what we have and this
is the figurine it's a nice little boy
it makes faces very nice so this type of
choice for today from these kinder guys
I say we have pretty cool toys specially
the ball and of course the beyblade
also you can always subscribe here or
follow my facebook page or Google+
encircle me day
thank you for watching and see you on my
next video